hello that such friend commit
here we are with Augustine Augustine is
true that good as you can see it looks
from the fuck the minecraft
because good is a mistake of the knowledge
allegedly not grab with that of
1.4 points 7 supposedly that I now
I have
let's check guard to get out and 21.4
points 7 and you and how we solve
the problem as they download more texture
pack and that Augustine told me that
to pay about 200,000 million dollars
if not, let's see the difference
and eye lines that he fixed he does not see
if it's cool do now let's take out
Water
good because it looks pink is not right or
be the water as it looks
what cool the water in paint and good of
this way they fix a little bit because
still need to pay attention to an object it
see transparent medium but everything else
it looks super cool and so fixing a
problem of knowing and I will leave you to
see agustín you tell me what I know
v 10 that is proving that daughter is the
let's try the uve 9 and put the ultra
and come on I think that there has to change
the color put the uve 9 and let's see
what's wrong without waiting for it because
example if action uve 9 with the text
so that what happened to them is seen
night vision
but if we do this video adjustment you
except here we pass them to the normal
finished finished finished back the
game and today we have other super birds
cool but can be cooler is the
the zeus the v 10
cool by the water
by the way I finished the video as not
I think it 's time to mark
good to put that one and with a music
she will leave the links of the
description in the description and the
description is very long
all humans
that you came well and what determines this evil
God my god, the water is floating
that I put as a staircase
that's all because nothing else I do not know if to put
also how to install them this is another
Fuck nothing else think fix this error and
good up to here the video that I wish them
many people work because I had
an exam I shit I already choose I want
I want those know is if it turns out that my
good friend Augustine knew how again
so good until later with this
nice sunset we say goodbye
see you later